# Udacity Apartment Project
This project is part of the Udacity VR Nanodegree program, and was really the first big VR app that we created in the program.  This project focused on lighting techniques, and how to bake the lighting and lower some of the quality settings for optimal compatibility with mobile VR.  Youn can move around the apartment between four different waypoints, and each time you click, the globe on the end table will start or stop spinning.  As a bonus, I also added background noise to the scene, so be sure to put on headphones if you have some!

## Installation
* If you own an Android phone, you can install the app by simply copying the `Final_Build.apk` file from the **Build** directory onto your android device, and installing the apk by clicking on it from the file manager.
* If you own an iPhone, you will need to follow the instructions below for **contributing** to this app, and then switch to the iOS platform in build settings before rebuilding and running on your phone.

## Contributing
You will need to download and install the [Unity Game Engine](https://unity3d.com/), as well as the [Google VR SDK Plugin for Unity](https://developers.google.com/vr/unity/download) to be able to edit this app.  Next, you will need to clone this GitHub repo, and then open `vrnd-course2-starter-project-002` in the Unity editor to begin making modifications to the apartment scene.

## Lessons Learned
**Time to complete project:** I think I have about 20 hours into this project, but a significant amount of that time was invested in troubleshooting several issues that arose during creating and testing.  I stumbled across an issue with light baking, and discovered that this was a bug which could be resolved by updating to the latest Unity version.  I also struggled with my VR app failing to load properly after applying the trigger script to my globe to make it spin.  This was resolved when I discovered a fix that required a slight modification to the script from several other users on the forums. Both of these issues helped to teach me a valuable lesson about saving and testing often when trying new things!

**What I liked:** I enjoyed adding different kinds of lights and changing different aspects of them (brightness, range, angle, etc.) to see how they changed the look of the apartment.  It's easy to see how lighting can play an important role in how your scene looks once complete.  I also tried my hand at importing an asset (picture frame) and adding my own touch to it by including a picture of a puzzle I put together recently.  I later used what I learned to import an audio clip of city construction sounds as background noise as well.

**What was challenging:** Being patient while troubleshooting issues in Unity and working through problems until I am able to discover a resolution.  As mentioned above, I ran into a couple of issues that I was able to resolve through different methods of troubleshooting.  By using a one-on-one session, I was able to get help working through the lighting issue, which was incredibly helpful.  This gave me confidence when working through the second issue which I was able to finally resolve on my own after doing some searching.  I save much more often now!!
